README.md, before:

## Overview

- A website where you can test your knowledge of Pokémon names
- The Pokémon's name becomes visible when the cursor is over the image
- [Website Link](https://spacebase1.github.io/pokeguess/)

## Options

- **Show Number**: Shows the Pokémon's National Pokédex number next to its name
- **Always Show Name**: Always shows the Pokémon's name and region (and number, if the previous option is checked)
- **Always Show Region**: Makes the Pokémon's region always visible
- **Toggle Silhouette**: Toggles silhouette mode

## Notes

- Enabling Always Show Region when Always Show Name is already enabled makes no difference
- The website is ***not optimized for mobile viewing nor for touch screen only devices*** and as such is not recommended to view on a mobile device

## Image Sources

- **Icon**: [Daniel Stanley on Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/1048406-Pokemon-Icons)
- **Pokémon Images**: [Official Japanese Pokédex](https://zukan.pokemon.co.jp/)/[Bulbapedia](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/)

Commit message:

Added option 'Auto Silhouette Off'

README.md, after:

## Overview

- A website where you can test your knowledge of Pokémon names
- The Pokémon's name becomes visible when the cursor is over the image
- [Website Link](https://spacebase1.github.io/pokeguess/)

## Options

- **Show Number**: Shows the Pokémon's National Pokédex number next to its name
- **Always Show Name**: Always shows the Pokémon's name and region (and number, if the previous option is checked)
- **Always Show Region**: Makes the Pokémon's region always visible
- **Auto Silhouette Off**: Silhouette automatically toggles off when cursor is over the image
- **Toggle Silhouette**: Toggles silhouette mode

## Notes

- Enabling Always Show Region when Always Show Name is already enabled makes no difference
- The website is ***not optimized for mobile viewing*** and as such is not recommended to view on a mobile device

## Image Sources

- **Icon**: [Daniel Stanley on Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/shots/1048406-Pokemon-Icons)
- **Pokémon Images**: [Official Japanese Pokédex](https://zukan.pokemon.co.jp/) / [Bulbapedia](https://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/)
